feat(es-dev-server): add response transformers (#939)
open-wc/open-wc: packages/es-dev-server/README.md

};
```

</details>

### Response transformers

You can rewrite certain file requests using the `responseTransformers` property. With this you can adjust served files or serve virtual non-existing files programmatically.

<details>
  <summary>Read more</summary>

A response transformer is a function which receives the original response and returns an optionally modified response. This transformation happens before any other built-in transformations such as node resolve, babel or compatibility. You can register multiple transformers, they are called in order.

> The funtions can be sync or async, the full signature:

Author: ```suggestion
The functions can be sync or async, see the full signature below:
```
